Custom verifiers and decoders for genie (#90)
CiscoTestAutomation/yang: verifiers/DESCRIPTION.rst

yang.verifiers
==============

> Enbales creating custom verifiers used for verify and decode responses when running genie tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables creating custom verifiers used to verify and decode responses when running genie tests.
```
